There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. (Larry Flon) I’ve finally learned what ‘upward compatible’ means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes. (Dennie van Tassel) They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. (Janet Reno) You can either have software quality or you can have pointer arithmetic, but you cannot have both at the same time. (Bertrand Meyer) Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders. (Alanna)

Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free. (Linus Torvalds) As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn’t as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs. (Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949) There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. (Larry Flon) First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson) Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window. (Steve Wozniak)

If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger. (Frank Lloyd Wright) They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. (Janet Reno) There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson) First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. (John Johnson)

But what is it good for? (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968) I don’t care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine! (Vidiu Platon) Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed. (Bob Gray) Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders. (Alanna) Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. (Pablo Picasso)

One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. (Robert Firth) You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. (Jim McCarthy) Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job. (Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering) True innovation often comes from the small startup who is lean enough to launch a market but lacks the heft to own it. (Timm Martin)